it's Friday, March 8,
around 6 pm the police
are called on an intervention to
the space saint quentin quarantine
young people sow trouble
a policewoman and hurt and it's not
the first time we are not on a
band phenomenon
as we have known there are some
years back on the forecourt of the
defense
we are on a gathering of young people
who come because the structure
also ready you have shops you
have you can have attractions
playful such as the cinema
and the facts two bombs of application can
interpret themselves as they go
find grouped and well we can
to arrive on overflows but that
remains punctual the discomfort is in everything
case in the process of settling in between
share a emptied sqy west mall
of its stores and secondly a
saint quentin area which attracts
squatters some stores have received the
instructions from their direction to close
shop at the slightest problem
other traders no longer feel
safe
I was never quiet at night
when I was going to pick up my car at
car park
I asked the security guards to
accompany me and I even thought about
move from aggression the
police patrols were strengthened
security guards recruited from Segou should
appear in the next few days
human resources and departure one hundred and forty
CCTV cameras according to the
Montigny town hall between 2011 and 2012
delinquency at the mall
would have dropped by 22%
it's true that it's not
normal either to always have to manage
people who are there to harm
so it's just at
owner of the center of
to be able to provide some security
assisted by the national police
and also by the municipal police if
need was felt
the director of space saint quentin
hervé de lyon must meet this
friday the guyancourt commissioner
to take stock of the respondent
the two young assailants aged 13 and
14 years have not been translated yet
before the court